there are not very good girls guys
spectacular there is extreme to
Any fan of the saga what do you expect
go to the source in the description and
send me the shit and the video no no no
not the truth is to stay because there
important information that has to do
with the trailer but first go see the
trailer and then come here look at the
information because there you have the trailer
of bill wars star battlefront
Awesome
what spectacular said this game that
for any fan of the saga I had
to be marked in the calendar on
November 17, whether they have the
playstation 4 whether you have
Well the one kind of the same brand
ter or because attentive there is also
important information players
they can choose between fighting for the
velde alliance or the galactic empire
will be a shooter set in the
original trilogy of the saga we can
take on the role of iconic characters
as bob fett and late leader I am
confirmed the game has so much campaign
large-scale cooperative with a
from 40 players to small missions
that can be played completely alone
with a friend on screen starting offline
or online cooperative all these
missions will be created scenes of the
movie the confirmed locations have
been the planets of endor hot solus and
tatooine in no case remember that
star wars battlefront is planned
include a campaign mode not in the field
of battle there will be the possibility of
release the fighting on foot or ride in
land vehicles like spider bites
you know the jets and at & t motorcycles
it will be possible to fly aboard tai fai
ters x wings or the millennial hawk that
it must be spectacular rock also it
announced that two weeks before the
premiere of Star Wars Episode 7
Awakening of strength will be available
for free a new content
taken to battle let this dlc
will be set on the planet that will
will name and connected with the return
of the jedi with connected to the return of the
Jedi with the awakening of bone strength
looks very good remember 17 of
November enjoy the trailer thanks
for being there lay and favorites
subscribe and jaime extreme